Create AUTHORS.rst file (#70)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: AUTHORS.rst

Guidelines
==========

The purpose of this file is to let newcomers know who is who and to whom best address their
best address questions or ask a review. The format of this file can also be questionned and
change, do not hesitate to make suggestions!

Ontology experts
================
With Ph.D.
----------

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...

With Master
-----------

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...

> 

Author: Here is an example of how we could populate the file with the existing authors

```suggestion
* @akleinau 

 * X years of experience with ontology
 * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX
 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...
```

Researchers
===========

* @Bachibouzouk

 * 0 year of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 2019-10-01

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 2019-10-01
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: github workflow

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...

Students currently working on the ontology
==========================================
During Master
-------------

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* izzet 91 

 * 2 months of experience with ontology
 * Started working on this project since 2019-09-01
 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: NA
```

During Bachelor
---------------

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```

 * Specific relevant area of expertise for this project: ...

Past contributors to the ontology
=================================

* github handle (+ real name if relevant/wanted)

 * X years of experience with ontology

>  * Started working on this project since 20XX-XX-XX

Author: ```suggestion
 * Working on this ontology since 20XX-XX-XX
```
